Add table for recourse methods and framework (#94)
indyfree/CARLA: README.md

- **ANN**: Artificial Neural Network with 2 hidden layers and ReLU activation function
- **LR**: Linear Model with no hidden layer and no activation function

> ### Which Recourse Methods work on which framework?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Which Recourse Methods work with which ML framework?
```

> The framework a counterfactual method currently works on is highly dependable on its implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The framework a counterfactual method currently works with is dependent on its underlying implementation.
```

> We are working hard on it to make it independent. The latest state can be found here:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is planned to make all recourse methods available for all ML frameworks . The latest state can be found here:
```
